welcome to aah tutorials where we show
you how to work on cars and today we're
going to
domitor for a 98 202 Honda Accord let's
get to it for this we're going to using
some pretty common household tools first
we're using a small side screwdriver and
after that we're going to using a larger
size screwdriver the first thing we're
going to want to do is the lever here is
going to dictate the positioning of the
steering wheel and we're going to want
to put this all the way down so it
leaves us room to work on to the
speedometer and after that there's two
screws on the top and we're going to go
ahead and take our small size Phillips
screwdriver and we're going to go ahead
and take these out
as soon as we take it out we can pop off
the plastic piece and we're just going
to use our hand we're going to grab it
from the bottom and just kind of use
your thumbs pull it out if you have any
trouble you can also use a flat tool
kind of wedge it out as well but once
this comes out is going to be more
screws and this time you're going to
need your longer size Phillips
screwdriver and we're going to take out
the two screws that are deep inside you
can see that there's one there and
there's also one over here on this side
and we're going to just take these out
also there's maybe more screws on the
top and this time we'll be using the
small Phillips screwdriver and you can
see why we keep on trading off on the
screwdrivers because there's not much
room between the screw and the dashboard
so it gives you a very little room and
that's why we use the small Phillips
screwdriver and there's also deep screws
that's why we use the long Phillips
screwdriver after we take these screws
out we can just pull it out and behind
the dashboard behind the speedometer
there's going to be some plugs that need
to be taken out you can see that there
behind here and the way we take these
plugs out is they have tabs where my
index finger is and you're going to want
to push down on this tab and take the
plug out at the same time and if you
want to make it easier on yourself you
can also use the fill the flat
screwdriver
but you want to be careful not to break
anything be gentle with these plugs
you can see now it's easy to take out
the speedometer comes out just like that
you're going to go and take your
replacement speedometer and we're going
to just going to put everything back in
to show you how that's done we're going
to go ahead and start with the plugs and
they just clip in
you can see now we just push it back in
and we want to make sure that all the
holes line up as well
so the two holes at the top line up and
the two holes at the bottom line up as
well once everything lines up you can
start putting the screws back in and it
doesn't matter what order you do it in
as long as they all go back in
and you want to be very careful not to
tighten it too hard
one thing you want to watch out for is
over tightening the screws because
you're working with plastic you can
break them so just make sure you feel
that they're tight enough don't overdo
it
finally we could put the plastic piece
back on and we're just going to slide
that in there
make sure everything lines up correctly
and we can put the screws back in
and there you have it that's how you
change your speedometer you should have
a new speedometer on there that's how
you do it
thanks for watching